[#52015] Add information about TOS app in trouble shooting section of… (#15535)
opf/openproject: docs/system-admin-guide/integrations/nextcloud/README.md

Click on the **Save** button. 

> **Note:** If the OpenProject host cannot be added, you may check the [Troubleshooting](#troubleshooting) section at the bottom of this page.

> Please note that in order for the integration to work, the **Terms of Service** app on the Nextcloud side needs to be accepted. This is set to happen automatically during the initial set-up. If you see an error message indicating otherwise, please refer to the [Troubleshooting](#troubleshooting) section at the bottom of this page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please note, when you use the **Terms of Service** app on the Nextcloud side, all terms also need to be accepted for the OpenProject user that gets created during the setup. This is set to happen automatically during the initial set-up. If you see an error message indicating otherwise or the integration does not behave as expected, please refer to the [Troubleshooting](#troubleshooting) section at the bottom of this page.
```

Attention: Please do not confuse the CA for the Nextcloud server's certificate with the CA of the OpenProject server's certificate which you might have provided in the OpenProject installation wizard. They do not necessarily need to be the same.

#### Error message "Sign terms of services"

> **Terms of services** is an app on the Nextcloud side of integration that needs to be accepted in order for the integration to work properly. It should be accepted automatically during the set up process. However, it is possible that you may see this message. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Terms of services** is an app on the Nextcloud side of integration that makes it mandatory for users to accept terms of services before Nextcloud can be used. In order for the integration to work properly the OpenProject user also needs to accept all terms that are set up. It should be accepted automatically during the set up process. However, it is possible that in certain situations it does not happen automatically. 
```

> ![Terms of service error message in OpenProject](openproject_system_guide_tos_error.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
